docs(design-tokens): update documentation for design tokens provider (#4749)
Sage/carbon: docs/getting-started.stories.mdx

### Theming and Design Tokens

> Currently, we are implementing Design Tokens into our components. Implementing Design Tokens implies migration from styled-component's ThemeProvider to CSS variables. Because of this, we temporarily are supporting two themes system .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently implementing Design Tokens into our components. Implementing Design Tokens implies migration from styled-component's ThemeProvider to CSS variables. Because of this, we are temporarily supporting both theming systems.
```
